girls wanted to make a short video
share your experiences about building up
hair was somehow tempted to build
hair in the salon and made me a tape
build I don't remember how she is there
called but there is now capsular yes
there is a date tapes are not glued
these tapes i'm so pretty pretty
mermaid came out with long hair three
month I passed with these curls
overhead and decided to remove just tired
they came back to me in three
of the month
of not removed this hair overhead and when
I shot them
I came out of the cabin blew wind and head
my frozen in general took these to me
overhead strands and along with my
my hair was so there on
kipi's head cooked like that when I'm
collected hair tried to stab them
the crab then the crab didn't even hold
because there was simply nothing to cling to
and there is nothing to hold on there
I restored hair oily
Masks and shampoo mask and tonic series
firm cutrin there is such a series
professional as professional
it is specifically designed for
stimulate hair growth me her
my aunt advised
that's basically how happy I was
and a series of some kind of effect was maybe
effect by oil masks but i'm all in
complex deal but in general my dear
if you don't care about your hair
common
do procedures like scaling
hair can be on some kind of literally
then you
This is a wedding for some event
same to remove them with them and not to go there
how I am three months but the fact is that our
hair bulb she just war
unable to hold such a construction
heavy and they respectively due to
gravity yes something up there in the load
extra some attached to
the roots is a ribbon and you walk with it and
respectively, then the hair remains on
this tape is my dear all that he
wanted to say
kiss, hug for now